Review update style guide (#13)
OutSystems/docs-validation: style-guide/formatting.adoc

=== Typographical emphasis

> *Bold*. Use bold to denote the things users clicks like buttons or links, and things users type in the user interface (UI). You can also use bold for occasional emphasis.

Reviewer: I'm not sure we use bold for things users type...

Reviewer 2: Agree. We use inline code to get a monospace font, right?

```suggestion
*Bold*. Use bold to denote the text as it's in the user interface (UI), such as labels, buttons, or links. You can also use bold for occasional emphasis.
```

Reviewer: Right!

=== User inputs and interface labels

Use *bold* for interface labels, and write them using the same capitalization as they display on the user interface.

> To identify the text users need to enter, use bold.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To identify the text users need to enter, use a monospace font.  If you're using Markdown, use inline code to get a monospace font.
```

*Examples*

> Enter *display-flex* in the input field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enter `"display-flex"` in the input field.
```

> Create a Container. Enter *MyContainer* in the *Name* property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a Container. Enter `MyContainer` in the *Name* property.
```

=== Variables and properties: names and values

Use *bold* for variable/property names and write them using the same capitalization as they appear on the UI. Use inline code for variable values.

*Example*

> To restrict the elements to internal network access, set the *Internal Access Property* to *Yes*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To restrict the elements to internal network access, set the *Internal Access Property* to `Yes`.
```
